---BASICS---
Banners that are broken will lose their pattern.
Banners will only be able to be broken by being mined.
Banners with a pattern can be equipped in the helmet slot.
A banner with a pattern can only be placed by a player wearing a matching banner in their helmet slot.
When a banner with a pattern is placed in a chunk, it claims that chunk for 24 hours.
A claimed chunk can only be interacted with by a player wearing a matching banner in their helmet slot.
    *An exception to this rule is made for blocks that can store items, which can be interacted with by anyone.
A banner placed at or above y=0 will claim the chunk from y=0 to sky limit, and a banner placed below y=0 will claim the chunk from y=-1 to bedrock.
Chunks in the Nether and End cannot be claimed.
Destroying a banner with a pattern will un-claim the chunk it was in.
When a claim's timer reaches 0, the banner that claimed it loses its pattern and the chunk becomes unclaimed.
Right-clicking a banner with a brush has the following effects:
    1. If the clicked banner has a pattern and the player who clicked it is wearing a matching banner in their helmet slot:
        The clicked banner's claim timer is refreshed to 24 hours (and the brush loses durability).
    2. If the clicked banner has no pattern, the player who clicked it is wearing a banner, and the chunk containing the clicked banner is not already claimed:
        The clicked banner turns into the banner the player is wearing on their head, and it claims the chunk for 24 hours (and the brush loses durability).
While a player is standing in a chunk claimed by the banner they are wearing in their helmet slot, they get Haste 1.
While a player is standing in a chunk claimed by a banner they are not wearing in their helmet slot, they get Mining Fatigue 1.

---COMBAT---
When a player dies while wearing a banner, the banner will remain on their head through death.
When a player is killed by another player, if the slain player is wearing a banner, all chunks claimed by that banner enter decay for 15 minutes.
While a chunk is in decay, none of its regular protections apply (except for the banner that claims the chunk, which remains protected).
While a chunk is in decay, any events that would cause it to enter decay again have no effect.
When a chunk exits decay, it will be unable to enter decay again for 15 minutes.

--MAYBE--
When a player logs off the server while in combat with a player, if the fleeing player is wearing a banner, all chunks claimed by that banner enter decay for 15 minutes.
EITHER: When in the overworld, Fireworks cannot be used to power an Elytra
    OR: When in the overworld, players can only use fireworks to power an Elytra while inside a chunk claimed by the banner they are wearing in their helmet slot.
    OR: Being damaged prevents the use of the Elytra until out of combat.
    OR: Right-clicking a player with shears instantly breaks their Elytra
When a banner item is burned, all chunks claimed by that banner enter decay for 15 minutes.
A banner equipped on a players head can only be unequipped by pressing Q, and the item entity it creates cannot be
